1-a,d
2-a,b
3-b
4-b
5-a
6-c
7-b
8-b
9-d
10-a

11-In computing, a data warehouse (DW or DWH), also known as an enterprise data warehouse (EDW), 
is a system used for reporting and data analysis, and is considered a core component of business 
intelligence. DWs are central repositories of integrated data from one or more disparate sources. 
They store current and historical data in one single place that are used for creating analytical 
reports for workers throughout the enterprise.

12-OLTP and OLAP both are the online processing systems. OLTP is a transactional processing while 
OLAP is an analytical processing system. OLTP is a system that manages transaction-oriented applications 
on the internet for example, ATM. OLAP is an online system that reports to multidimensional analytical queries 
+1like financial reporting, forecasting, etc.

13-There are three prominent data warehouse characteristics:

Integrated: The way data is extracted and transformed is uniform, regardless of the original source.
Time-variant: Data is organized via time-periods (weekly, monthly, annually, etc.).
Non-volatile: A data warehouse is not updated in real-time. It is periodically updated via the uploading of 
data, protecting it from the influence of momentary change.

14-In computing, the star schema is the simplest style of data mart schema and is the approach most widely used
 to develop data warehouses and dimensional data marts. The star schema consists of one or more fact tables 
referencing any number of dimension tables. The star schema is an important special case of the snowflake schema, 
and is more effective for handling simpler queries.

15-Short for Set Theory as a Language (or Set Language), SETL is a high-level programming language that's based on 
the mathematical theory of sets. It was developed in the early 1970's by mathematician Professor J. Schwartz. SETL
 is an interpreted language with a syntax that is resembles C and in many cases similar to Perl. In SETL every statement 
is terminated by a semicolon. Variable names are case-insensitive and are automatically determined by their last assignment.